0 The narrow vote came after Republican senators said they did not need to hear more evidence, and pressed toward acquitting President Trump next week.
1. His acquittal in the Senate assured, the emboldened president will take his victory and grievance to the campaign trail, no longer worried about congressional constraint.
2. In the nearly 20 years since SARS, China's importance in the global economy has grown exponentially.
3. A quality control issue with a new system of reporting results led to confusion and few solid numbers as Iowans turned out to select the candidate they thought could defeat President Trump.
4. The interactions between President Trump and Speaker Nancy Pelosi during the State of the Union address underscored the bitterness the move to remove him from office has caused.
5. As Republicans rallied behind President Trump, Senator Mitt Romney of Utah, the party's 2012 presidential nominee, joined Democrats in voting to convict, the only senator to cross party lines.
6. A remarkable level of discord enveloped the start of the nominating process as results from Iowa's troubled caucuses showed Pete Buttigieg and Bernie Sanders in a dead heat.
7. Emboldened by his victory and determined to strike back, the president removed Mr. Sondland as ambassador to the European Union after the White House earlier on Friday dismissed Colonel Vindman.
8. The problems that beset the Democratic Party's first state caucus of the presidential race ran far deeper and wider than one bad app.
9. Workers can't return to their jobs as supply lines get snarled, extending the forced holiday and fracturing the country.
10. The Vermont senator tightened his grip on the Democratic Party's liberal wing, benefiting from a field that has divided moderate voters.
11. Unless a moderate favorite soon emerges, party leaders may increasingly look to Michael R. Bloomberg as a potential savior.
12. The attorney general said that the president's attacks on prosecutors' handling of his friend Roger Stone's sentencing undermine the legal system and the Justice Department.
13. Amid mounting furor over politicization at the Justice Department, the attorney general ordered reviews of such investigations and prosecutions.
14. The former mayor's philanthropy has been a boon for progressive causes, earning support from Democrats nationwide even as parts of his record give them pause.
15. Amid assurances that the Westerdam was disease free, hundreds of people disembarked in Cambodia and headed for airports. One was later found to be infected.
16. Germany seems poised to follow Britain in letting the Chinese maker build next-generation networks, despite last appeals from the United States.
17. The president also pardoned or commuted the sentences of eight others on Tuesday, including Edward DeBartolo, a former owner of the San Francisco 49ers.
18. The sharp exchanges in the Nevada debate reflected the urgency of the moment as Michael Bloomberg, in his first presidential debate, was repeatedly criticized in personal terms.
19. A classified briefing to House members is said to have angered the president, who complained that Democrats would weaponize the disclosure.
20. The nominal Democratic front-runner denounced Russia's efforts to attack American democracy.
21. His triumph will provide a burst of momentum that may make it difficult for the still-fractured moderate wing of the Democratic Party to slow his march to the nomination.
22. The country announced more than 150 cases, many in the densely populated region around Milan, as officials closed schools and canceled Venice's carnival celebrations.
23. The jury found Mr. Weinstein guilty of two felony sex crimes but acquitted him of charges that he is a sexual predator.
24. Clusters of infection are likely in American communities, health officials said. Some lawmakers questioned whether the nation is prepared.
25. President Trump sought to reassure the country that his government was controlling the spread of the coronavirus after his administration weathered days of criticism.